update compose banner (#17660)
docker/docs: _includes/compose-eol.md

> **Important**
>

> > From July 2023 Compose V1 stopped receiving updates. It's also no longer available in new releases of Docker Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compose V1 stopped receiving updates **July 2023. It's also no longer available in new releases of Docker Desktop.
```
reads a bit better to me.

> > From July 20223 Compose V1 stopped receiving updates. It's also no longer available in new releases of Docker Desktop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> From July 2023 Compose V1 stopped receiving updates. It's also no longer available in new releases of Docker Desktop.
```

Author: 🤦‍♀️

> > From July 20223 Compose V1 stopped receiving updates. It is also no longer available in new releases of Docker Desktop.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> From July 20223 Compose V1 stopped receiving updates. It's also no longer available in new releases of Docker Desktop.
```
